guru - A Conversational AI Bot
(http://guru.maplef.net/)
Copyright (C) 2011 maple (maple@maplef.net)

ABOUT GURU
-----------
guru is a conversational AI -- a computer program you can talk to.  He
is designed to be simple to install, configure and (above all) extend.

guru is Friendly.
Currently, guru is willing to discuss religion, sports, sex (reluctantly),
and philosophy.  He even knows a little German!

guru is Helpful.
guru is able to answer most questions of the form "Who/what/where/when 
is/was/are/were X?" -- though his answers are occasionally more
entertaining than accurate. He can also help find rhymes for a word, or
tell you what an acronym means. He will someday provide definitions or
synonyms for any word in the dictionary, query your address book, and even
perform a few simple remote system-administration tasks!

guru is Connected.
You can communicate with guru in a number of different ways: AIM, ICQ, IRC, MSN
Messenger, Jabber Chat, XML-RPC, or locally on the command-line. Future
versions will include interfaces for HTTP, Zephyr, and more!
guru's knowledge base is made up of a wide variety of Internet resources.
If you find something that he can't do, it's usually pretty
straightforward to teach him!

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
-------------------
guru has been tested on Windows XP, Red Hat Linux and NetBSD.  However,
he should work on any system that meets the following requirements:
 - Python 2.2.x or greater.
 - 64 MB available RAM (depending on the AIML set you're using)
 - Dedicated Internet connection
 - The Twisted framework (http://twistedmatrix.com/products/twisted).
   You must have Twisted installed in order to run guru from the source.
   NOTE: The Windows binary distribution already includes Twisted.

NOTE: There is a known problem with guru running under Windows 95, having
to do with Python's os.popen() function not working on that platform.

INSTALLATION (Windows binary distribution)
------------------------------------------
1. Run the installer (you've done that).
2. Edit the howie.ini file, found in the directory where you installed guru.
   (You can access this file through the "guru->Configure guru" shortcut in
   your Start Menu).  This file lets you set up the interfaces presented to
   visitors (AIM, MSN, etc.) as well as customize guru's behavior.  Each
   section has an "active" parameter, which indicates whether that module is
   active ("yes") or not.
3. To test guru in local-mode (text console interface only), use the
   "guru->Run guru (local)" shortcut in your Start Menu.  This will let you
   chat with guru without opening any connections to the Internet.
4. Once you're satisfied with your setup, run the "guru->Run guru" shortcut,
   found in your Start Menu.  This launches guru and makes him available to
   world at large!

INSTALLATION (Source distribution)
----------------------------------
1. Unzip the archive (you've done that).
2. UNIX USERS: run the "unix-install.py" script found in the main guru
   directory.  It will automatically configure guru to run in a UNIX-like
   environment.
3. Edit the howie.ini file, found in the directory where you installed guru.
   This file lets you set up the interfaces presented to visitors (AIM, MSN,
   etc.) as well as customize guru's behavior.  Each section has an "active"
   parameter, which indicates whether that module is active ("yes") or not.
4. To test guru locally, run "runme.py -l" in the main guru directory.
   This lets you chat with guru without activating any of his network
   services.
5. Once you're satisfied with your setup, run "runme.py" in the main guru
   directory.  This launches guru and makes him available to the world at
   large!


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
----------------

guru's ai back-end is provided by PyAIML
(http://pyaiml.sourceforge.net), a Python implementation of Dr. Richard S.
Wallace's A.L.I.C.E. system. For more information about the A.L.I.C.E.
Foundation (including information on AIML, the Artificial Intelligence
Markup Language used to program guru's responses), visit the A.L.I.C.E.
homepage at http://www.alicebot.org/. 

Hooray for Python! (http://www.python.org/)


0. what is guru?
guru is an auto reply robot designed for pidgin under linux system.

1. how to get start?
(1) guru has only been test under ubuntu 10.04 + pidigin 2.7.11, there is no  that 

2. what can guru do?
